* <span class="label new">new</span> "New SublimeVideo Player":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player (in Beta) powered by the "SublimeVideo Horizon":http://sublimevideo.net/horizon-framework. This allows advanced designs that look awesome on any browser and device.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Easy YouTube integration":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/beta/youtube.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Possibility to display "your custom logo":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player#on_video_logo.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Two new _Flat_ & _Light_ designs":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player#player_designs.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Keybord control":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/beta/keyboard.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Many new settings":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/beta/settings/player-settings that allow you to customize your players look & behaviors.
* <span class="label new">new</span> New error messages:
  - No sources found.
  - Flash not found.
  - Flash version not supported.
  - No Playable Sources.
* <span class="label improved">improved</span> Better mobile devices support, especially "Android devices":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/beta/supported-platforms.
* <span class="label improved">improved</span> The "lightbox":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/beta/settings/lightbox-settings has been greatly improved:
  - Separation of the @<video>@ and its opening trigger(s) to make the lightbox usage more flexible and user-friendly.
  - Possibility to customize the behavior of the video on lightbox opening.
  - Possibility to customize the overlay opacity.
  - Possibility to customize the visibility and position of the close button.
  - The lightbox can now officially display images as well!
* <span class="label improved">improved</span> The "Classic design":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player#player_designs has been revamped.
