h2. <%= title('Google Analytics integration') %>

Integrating Google Analytics Event Tracking with SublimeVideo is very simple. Using our current "JavaScript API":/javascript-api you can track "video started" and "video ended" events. Here are the two steps you'll need to implement this integration.

h3(#step-1). "Step 1: Embed the Google Analytics tracking code":#step-1

If you're already using Google Analytics Web Tracking in your site, you can skip this step since you already have embedded the tracking code in your website. Otherwise, please consult the "Tracking Code Quickstart":https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/gajs/#quickstart for instructions on how to setup the Google Analytics tracking code.

h3(#step-2). "Step 2: Setup the events to track":#step-2

Put the following code in a @<script>@ element.

<pre><code class="language-javascript">/*
Note: This is only a simple example, Google Analytics event tracking lets you
customize the way you track events
Be sure to check out the Google Analytics integration guides for any more info:
 - http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/tracking/eventTrackerGuide.html
 - http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/gaJS/gaJSApiEventTracking.html
 - http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/gaJS/gaJSApi.html
*/
sublime.ready(function() {
  sublime.player('my_video').on({
    start: trackVideoStart,
    end:   trackVideoEnd
  });
});

function trackVideoStart(player) {
  _gaq.push(["_trackEvent", "Videos", "Started", videoName(player)]);
}

function trackVideoEnd(player) {
  _gaq.push(["_trackEvent", "Videos", "Ended", videoName(player)]);
}

function videoName(player) {
  return player.videoElement().getAttribute('title');
}
</code></pre>

*Note:* Make sure to replace _my_video_ with the actual ID of your @<video>@.

h3(#demo). "Demo":#demo

You can see this feature in action "on this page":http://test.sublimevideo.net/google-analytics-integration.
