h2. <%= title('Use SublimeVideo with YouTube videos') %>

*%(red)Important note:% Any site using YouTube along with the SublimeVideo Player must comply with "YouTube's terms and conditions":https://developers.google.com/youtube/terms. Particularly with the current version of YouTube Player API, this integration should not be used, if a video is monetized using Overlay or TrueView Ads.*
<div class="breakline"></div>

h3(#how-to-video). "How-to video":#how-to-video

The following video will get you started integrating YouTube video with SublimeVideo.

<notextile><video class="sublime" width="640" height="360" poster="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/youtube.jpg" preload="none" data-uid="how-to-youtube" data-name="How-To: YouTube" data-sharing-url="http://blog.jilion.com/2013/03/08/how-to-use-youtube-with-sublimevideo" data-sharing-text="How to Use YouTube with SublimeVideo" data-embed-url="//dehqkotcrv4fy.cloudfront.net/videos/how-to/youtube.html">
  <source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/youtube.mp4" />
  <source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/youtube-mobile.mp4" />
</video></notextile>

h3(#additional-information). "Additional information":#additional-information

Following are the instructions given in the video as well as some additional informations:

* Copy and paste the YouTube video URL into the Video Publishing Assistant (in the “Video sources” section).
* Modify your video' settings if needed.
* Click the "Get the Code" button and copy and paste the code where you would like the video to appear in your page.

Alternatively, if you're writing your @<video>@ element manually, you need to get the YouTube video ID (see the "v" parameter “v=YOUTUBE_ID” in the URL) and set it as follow:

bc(language-markup). <video class="sublime" data-youtube-id="YOUTUBE_ID" width="640" height="360" preload="none"></video>

*Note:*
* The posterframe is taken from YouTube but you can still override it if you prefer (with the @poster@ attribute).
* Set the @width@ and @height@ attributes to the correct values depending on your video.
* Don't set any @<source>@ elements.

h4(#youtube-demo). "Demo":#youtube-demo

The following video, hosted on YouTube, plays inside the SublimeVideo Classic Player.

<notextile><div class="video_wrap"><video class="sublime" width="640" height="360" data-uid="docs-youtube" data-youtube-id="rAq2rNEru8A" preload="none"></video></div></notextile>
