h2. <%= title('Embed add-on') %>

h3. Table of Contents

* "Introduction":#intro
* "Subscribe":#subscribe
* "Auto embedding":#auto
* "Manual embedding":#manual
* "Settings":#settings

h3(#intro). "Introduction":#intro

The _Auto Embed_ and _Manual Embed_ add-ons allow your audience to easily share your videos by embedding them into their own sites or elsewhere on the web. Both add-ons will display an embed button on the top-right corner of the player which opens a pane showing the actual embed code and the possibility to change the embedded player size.

<%= image_tag('addons/embed/embed_button.jpg', class: 'screenshot', title: 'Embed button') %>
_The main embed button in our <%= link_to "Classic", layout_url('modular-player#player_designs') %> player._

<%= image_tag('addons/embed/embed_pane.jpg', class: 'screenshot', title: 'Embed pane') %>
_The embed pane._

h3(#subscribe). "Subscribe":#subscribe

<a href='<%= my_url('addons/embed?p=auto') %>'>Choose a site and subscribe to the Embed add-on <span class='icon-arrow'></span></a>

h3(#auto). "Auto embedding":#auto

The Auto Embed add-on is the easiest way to enable embedding for your videos. With this add-on you don't need to create an HTML page for every video you want to be embeddable: the add-on takes care of generating those files for you and automatically keeping them in sync with the original @<video>@ elements you've placed on your site.

To enable this feature by default for you player(s), subscribe to the _<%= link_to "Auto Embed", my_url('addons/embed?p=auto') %>_ add-on and activate it via your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>. You can also only use this feature on a per-video basis via the <%= link_to "Video Publishing Assistant", my_url('publish-video') %>.

%(red)*Important notes:*%

* You *must* set a "unique ID":/settings/player-settings#uid for your videos via the data-uid attribute.
* Your video sources URLs *must not be dynamic* (i.e. different on each request).

h3(#manual). "Manual embedding":#manual

If you're not subscribed to the _<%= link_to "Auto Embed", my_url('addons/embed?p=auto') %>_ add-on, you will have to follow the 2 steps below to enable embedding for your videos:

# Create a "special" HTML page for the video you want to be embeddable, this will be the iframe content.
# Configure the embed button by providing the embed URL (URL of the HTML page created in the previous step) and its default size.

h4(#iframe_content). "1. The iframe content":#iframe_content

You need to create an HTML page for every video you would like to make available for embedding. You need to host this page on one of the domains you have registered on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>.

The final snippet of code that your audience will copy from the embed pane and share is an @<iframe>@ element pointing to that HTML page.

bc(language-markup). <!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title></title>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="//cdn.sublimevideo.net/js/YOUR_TOKEN.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <video style="display:none" class="sublime" poster="poster.jpg" preload="none">
    <source src="video.mp4" />
    <source src="video.webm" />
  </video>
</body>

%(red)*Important note:*%

* Replace _YOUR_TOKEN_ with your actual site's token (you can find it in the _<%= link_to "My Sites", my_url('sites') %>_ page alongside your site's domain).
* Replace the @<video>@ element with the code generated by the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant but change the following two things:
  - Don't specify the @width@ and @height@ attributes, the player will automatically fill the entire iframe.
  - Add @style="display:none"@. It's optional but we recommend it to prevent UI flickering when the iframe is initially loaded.

Host this file on a domain that is registered on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>. For instance, if your registered domain is _yourdomain.com_, you could save this page at _http://yourdomain.com/embeds/video1.html_.

h4(#configure-options). "2. How to configure the different options":#configure-options

Like most of our add-ons, you can set up its default options that should apply to all of your videos from your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>. But you can also set more options and override the default ones on a per video basis via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant, or manually, using the "data-settings":/settings/usage attribute directly on the @<video>@ elements.


h3(#settings). "Settings":#settings

%(red)Please note the settings described below can be set via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant and via your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>.%

The table below gives you an overview of all the embed settings available and from where you can actually set them up.

table(supported_browsers generic).
(alt). |_{width:30%}. Embed setting                |_{width:20%}. Player editor                |_{width:20%}. Video Publishing Assistant  |_. Notes |
|        Enable/Disable the embed button           |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>*|                                          |         |
(alt). | Enable/Disable the auto embedding feature |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span> |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>|         |
|        Embed URL                                 |                                           |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>| The URL of the HTML page you created in step 1 of "Manual embedding":#manual. |
(alt). | Default embed size                        |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span> |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>|         |

<small>*: When manual embedding is enabled, you still need to provide a valid _embed URL_ in order for the embed button to show up in the player.</small>

h3(#embed-enable). "@embed-enable@":#embed-enable

Allows you to enable or disable the embed button and pane feature. Please note that unless you're using the auto embedding feature, an embed URL must be provided in any case, otherwise the embed button won't appear (see "embed-url":#embed-url).

*Allowed values:*
* @true@ – _(Default)_ Enable embed button and pane feature.
* @false@ – Disable the embed button and pane feature.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-enable='false'>
  ...
</video>

h3(#embed-type). "@embed-type@":#embed-type

Defines the type of embedding you want to use: manual or auto. Auto embedding is only available if you're subscribed to the _<%= link_to "Auto embedding", my_url('addons/embed?p=auto') %>_ add-on. %(red)If you set the type to "auto", you must set a "unique ID":/settings/player-settings#uid for your videos.%

*Allowed values:*
* @manual@ – _(Default)_ Use the manual embedding feature.
* @auto@ – Use the auto embedding feature.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-type='auto'>
  ...
</video>

h3(#embed-url). "@embed-url@":#embed-url

%(red)Don't set this setting if you're using the auto embedding feature.%

Defines the URL of the HTML page with the embeddable player (a.k.a the "iframe content":#iframe_content). This setting is _required_ - the embed button will only appear if an URL is specified.

*Allowed values:*
* _@any valid url@_

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-url='http://yourdomain.com/embeds/video1.html'>
  ...
</video>


h3(#embed-size). "@embed-size@":#embed-size

Defines the default embed size. The user will be able to adjust this size directly from the embed pane. If no default embed size is specified, the player size will be used instead (and, if necessary, the height will be adjusted to respect the original aspect-ratio of the video).

*Allowed values:*
* _@width@_ x _@height@_ - A string containing both width and height values separated by a 'x'.
* _@width@_ - In case you want the height of the embed to be dynamically computed (when the user clicks on the embed button to show the embed pane) to automatically match the video aspect-ratio.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-size='640x360'>
  ...
</video>
