h2. <%= title('Embed') %>

This add-on allows your audience to easily share your videos by embedding them into their own sites or elsewhere on the web. It displays an embed button on the top-right corner of the player which opens a pane with the actual embed code and the possibility to change the embedded player size.

<%= image_tag('embed/embed_button.jpg', class: 'screenshot', title: 'Embed button') %>
_The main embed button in our <%= link_to "Classic", layout_url('modular-player#player_designs') %> player._

<%= image_tag('embed/embed_pane.jpg', class: 'screenshot', title: 'Embed pane') %>
_The embed pane._

h3(#setup). "Set up your embeds":#setup

There are two steps to follow to enable this feature:

# Create an "special" HTML page for the video you want to be embeddable, this will be the iframe content.
# Configure the embed button by providing the embed URL (URL of the HTML page created in the previous step) and its default size.

h4(#iframe_content). "1. The iframe content":#iframe_content

You need to create an HTML page for every video you would like to make available for embedding. You need to host this page on one of the domains you have registered on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>.

The final snippet of code that your audience will copy from the embed pane and share is an @<iframe>@ element pointing to that HTML page.

bc(language-markup). <!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
<head>
  <title></title>
  <script type="text/javascript" src="//cdn.sublimevideo.net/js/YOUR_TOKEN.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <video style="display:none" class="sublime" poster="poster.jpg" preload="none">
    <source src="video.mp4" />
    <source src="video.webm" />
  </video>
</body>

*Important information:*

* Replace _YOUR_TOKEN_ with your actual site's token (you can find it in the _<%= link_to "My Sites", my_url('sites') %>_ page alongside your site's domain).
* Replace the @<video>@ element with the code generated by the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant but change the following two things:
  - Don't specify the @width@ and @height@ attributes, the player will automatically fill the entire iframe.
  - Add @style="display:none"@. It's optional but we recommend it to prevent UI flickering when the iframe is initially loaded.

Host this file on a domain that is registered on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>. For instance, if your registered domain is _yourdomain.com_, you could save this page at _http://yourdomain.com/embeds/video1.html_.

h4(#configure-options). "2. How to configure the different options":#configure-options

Like most of our add-ons, you can set up its default options that should apply to all of your videos from your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>. But you can also set more options and override the default ones on a per video basis via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant, or manually, using the "data-settings":/settings/usage attribute directly on the @<video>@ elements.

The table below gives you an overview of all the embed options available and from where you can actually set them up.

table(supported_browsers generic).
(alt). |_{width:30%}. Embed option   |_{width:20%}. Player editor                |_{width:20%}. Video Publishing Assistant  |_. Notes |
|        Enable/Disable the add-on   |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>*|                                          |         |
(alt).|  Embed URL                   |                                           |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>| the URL of the HTML page you created in step 1. |
|        Default embed size          |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span> |(ok). <span class="icon-checkmark"></span>|         |

<small>*: When enabled, you still need to provide a valid <em>embed URL</em> in order for the embed button to show up in the player.</small>


h3(#settings). "Settings":#settings

<span class="red">Please note: the settings described below can be configured "graphically" via the Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %> and via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant.
</span>

h3(#embed-enable). "@embed-enable@":#embed-enable

Allows you to enable or disable the embed button and pane feature. Please note that an embed URL must be provided in any case, otherwise the embed button won't appear (see "embed-url":#embed-url).

*Allowed values:*
* @true@ – _(Default)_ Enable embed button and pane feature.
* @false@ – Disable the embed button and pane feature.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-enable='false'>
  ...
</video>

h3(#embed-url). "@embed-url@":#embed-url

Defines the URL of the HTML page with the embeddable player (a.k.a the "iframe content":#iframe_content). This setting is _required_ - the embed button will only appear if an URL is specified.

*Allowed values:*
* _@any valid url@_

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-url='http://yourdomain.com/embeds/video1.html'>
  ...
</video>


h3(#embed-size). "@embed-size@":#embed-size

Defines the default embed size. The user will be able to adjust this size directly from the embed pane. If no default embed size is specified, the player size will be used instead (and, if necessary, the height will be adjusted to respect the original aspect-ratio of the video).

*Allowed values:*
* _@width@_ x _@height@_ - A string containing both width and height values separated by a 'x'.
* _@width@_ - In case you want the height of the embed to be dynamically computed (when the user clicks on the embed button to show the embed pane) to automatically match the video aspect-ratio.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-embed-size='640x360'>
  ...
</video>




