h2. <%= title('Google Analytics') %>

h3. Table of Contents

* "Presentation":#presentation
* "Subscribe":#subscribe
* "Setup your &lt;video&gt;":#setup
* "Settings":#settings
* "How it works":#how-it-works
* "Tracked events":#tracked-events

<div class="breakline"></div>
<p></p>

h3(#presentation). "Presentation":#presentation

This add-on automatically tracks actions performed by your audience such as when:
* a video starts and ends,
* fullscreen is entered,
* a sharing button is clicked,
* and "many more":#tracked-events!

h3(#subscribe). "Subscribe":#subscribe

<a href='<%= my_url('addons/google_analytics?p=standard') %>'>Choose a site and subscribe to the Google Analytics add-on <span class='icon-arrow'></span></a>

*Note:*

Once subscribed, make sure to:

# "Setup your &lt;video&gt;":#setup,
# Enable events tracking via your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %>.

h3(#setup). "Setup your &lt;video&gt;":#setup

Please note that the settings described below can be set via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant.

h4(#data-uid). "The _data-uid_ attribute":#data-uid

In order to make a video showing up in your "Google Analytics Dashboard":https://www.google.com/analytics/web, *you must give it a unique uid* with the @data-uid@ attribute. Here is an example:

bc(language-markup). <video class="sublime" data-uid="landscape1" poster="some-great-landscapes.jpg">
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.mp4" />
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.webm" />
</video>

%(red)*Important note:* It should be a *unique string* among all your videos. The string must be composed of alphanumeric, "-" (hyphen) and "_" (underscore) characters exclusively (case insensitive) and must be at least 1 character and less than 65 characters.
The actual regular expression used to validate the uid is: @/^[a-z0-9_\-]{1,64}$/i@.%

*Notes:*

* If you change the video @uid@, subsequent events for this video will be reported as if it's a new video.
* The @data-uid@ setting respects the "Player settings syntax":/settings/player-settings.

h4(#title). "The _title_ attribute":#title

To ensure a video is displayed with a nice title in your Google Analytics Dashboard, simply use the @title@ attribute. Here is an example:

bc(language-markup). <video class="sublime" title="My great landscapes" poster="some-great-landscapes.jpg">
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.mp4" />
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.webm" />
</video>

*Notes:*

* If you change the video @title@, subsequent events for this video will be reported as if it's a new video.
* The @title@ setting respects the "Player settings syntax":/settings/player-settings#title.

h3(#settings). "Settings":#settings

The add-on has only two settings that can be set via your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %> or on a per-video basis through "Player Settings":/settings/player-settings.

h3(#google-analytics-enable). "@google-analytics-enable@":#google-analytics-enable

Allows you to enable or disable the Google Analytics events tracking.

*Allowed values:*
* @true@ – Enable Google Analytics events tracking.
* @false@ – _(Default)_ Disable Google Analytics events tracking.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-google-analytics-enable='true'>
  ...
</video>

h3(#google-analytics-account). "@google-analytics-account@":#google-analytics-account

By default, SublimeVideo detects the Google Analytics account ID used in your page but you can use a different Google Analytics account ID by using this setting.

*Allowed values:*
* @player id@ – Any valid Google Analytics account ID. You can find yours in "the Google Analytics Dashboard":https://www.google.com/analytics/web.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-google-analytics-account='UA-12344321-1'>
  ...
</video>

h3(#how-it-works). "How it works":#how-it-works

Once "subscribed":#subscribe and "configured":#settings, the Google Analytics add-on automatically tracks a "list of events":#tracked-events that will appear in your Google Analytics Dashboard under the <%= link_to('"Events" section', '#google_analytics-sidebar-screenshot', class: 'sublime lightbox')%>.

In your Google Analytics Dashboard, you can filter tracked events by categories, actions and labels. For a thorough description of Google Analytics Events, please refer to the "'Event Components' section of Google Analytics help page":https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1033068?hl=en.

Read on for the exhaustive list of tracked events.

h3(#tracked-events). "Tracked events":#tracked-events

h4. Categories

table(supported_browsers generic).
(alt). |_{width:40%}. Category name        |_. Decription |
|        _SublimeVideo_                    | The event happened on your website. |
(alt). | _SublimeVideo - External Sources_ | The event happened on another website where your video has been embedded. |

h4. Actions

table(supported_browsers generic).
(alt). |_{width:40%}. Action name        |_. Decription |
|        _Video load_                    | The video has been loaded (i.e. SublimeVideo has "prepared" it). |
(alt). | _Video start_                   | The play button has been clicked or the @sublime.play@ API method has been called. |
|        _Video end_                     | The video playback has reached the video duration or the @sublime.stop@ API method has been called. |
(alt). | _Fullmode enter_                | The viewer has clicked the fullmode (fullwindow/fullscreen) button. |
|        _Quality select - HD_           | The video has been played in HD quality. |
(alt). | _Quality select - Base_         | The video has been played in SD quality. |
|        _Sharing pane open_ ***         | The sharing button has been clicked and the sharing pane has opened. |
(alt). | _Sharing click - Twitter_ ***   | The Twitter sharing button has been clicked. |
| _Sharing click - Facebook_ ***         | The Facebook sharing button has been clicked. |
(alt). | _Sharing click - Pinterest_ *** | The Pinterest sharing button has been clicked. |
| _Sharing click - Google+_ ***          | The Google+ sharing button has been clicked. |
(alt). | _Embed pane open_               | The embed button has been clicked and the embed pane has opened. |
|        _Logo click_                    | The on-video logo has been clicked. |

*&nbsp;: Only available if you're subscribed to the "Social Sharing add-on":/addons/sharing.

h4. Label

The label is computed from the video's "@title@":/settings/player-settings#title and "@uid@":/settings/player-settings#uid: _"&lt;video title&gt; (&lt;video uid&gt;)"_

_Please read the "Setup your &lt;video&gt;":#setup section for instructions on how to set these attributes._

If you don't specify a @title@ for your video, it will reported as _"untitled (&lt;video uid&gt;)"_.

For instance, the label for the following video will be _"The homepage video (home-video)"_.

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-uid='home-video' title='The homepage video'>
  ...
</video>

<%= image_tag('addons/google_analytics/google_analytics-sidebar.png', title: "'Events' section of the Google Analytics Dashboard sidebar", id: 'google_analytics-sidebar-screenshot', style: 'display:none') %>
