h2. <%= title('On-Video Logo add-on') %>

h3. Table of Contents

* "Subscribe":#subscribe
* "Settings":#settings
* "Demo":#demo

<div class="breakline_addon"></div>

This add-on allows you to set several settings for the logo displayed on video (either the SublimeVideo logo or your own):

* Choose the logo visibility behavior (auto-hide or always visible).
* Upload an image to use as your own logo. ***
* Specify the URL to which redirect a user that clicks on the logo. ***
* Choose the logo position (in one of the player's corners). ***

*&nbsp;: Only available with the _<%= link_to "Your logo", my_url('addons/logo?p=custom') %>_ add-on.

The following video will get you started adding an On-Video Logo to your video.

<notextile><video class="sublime" title="How-To: On-Video logo" width="640" height="360" poster="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/on-video-logo.jpg" preload="none" data-uid="how-to-on-video-logo" data-sharing-url="http://blog.jilion.com/2013/05/08/how-to-add-a-logo-on-your-video-with-sublimevideo" data-sharing-text="How to Add a Logo on Your Video with SublimeVideo" data-embed-type="auto">
  <source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/on-video-logo.mp4" />
  <source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/how-to/on-video-logo-mobile.mp4" />
</video></notextile>

%(red)*Important note:*% When uploading your own logo, please make sure to double the size of the image (@2x) to allow optimal rendering on Retina displays.

h3(#subscribe). "Subscribe":#subscribe

* <%= subscribe_addon_link 'No SublimeVideo Logo', 'logo', 'disabled' %>
* <%= subscribe_addon_link 'Your Logo', 'logo', 'custom' %>

h3(#settings). "Settings":#settings

The settings described below can be set via your site's Player editor page on <%= link_to "MySublimeVideo", my_url('sites') %> but if you want to override a player default settings for a specific video, you can do it with the following "settings":/settings/usage.


h3(#logo-enable). "@logo-enable@":#logo-enable

Allows you to enable or disable the on-video logo.

*Allowed values:*
* @true@ – _(Default)_ Display the on-video logo.
* @false@ – Hide the on-video logo.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-logo-enable='false'>
  <source src='video.mp4' />
  <source src='video.webm' />
</video>


h3(#logo-type). "@logo-type@":#logo-type

Allows you to choose which logo to display: the SublimeVideo logo or your own logo.

*Allowed values:*
* @sv@ – _(Default)_ Display the SublimeVideo logo.
* @custom@ – Display your custom logo.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-logo-type='custom'>
  <source src='video.mp4' />
  <source src='video.webm' />
</video>


h3(#logo-visibility). "@logo-visibility@":#logo-visibility

Allows you to choose how to display the logo: at the beginning of the video only or during the whole video playback.

*Allowed values:*
* @autohide@ – _(Default)_ Display the logo at the beginning of the video only.
* @visible@ – Display the logo during the whole video playback.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-logo-visibility='visible'>
  <source src='video.mp4' />
  <source src='video.webm' />
</video>


h3(#logo-position). "@logo-position@":#logo-position

Defines where the on-video logo should be placed.

*Allowed values:*
* @top-left@ – Display the logo in the top-left corner.
* @top-right@ – Display the logo in the top-right corner.
* @bottom-left@ – Display the logo in the bottom-left corner.
* @bottom-right@ – _(Default)_ Display the logo in the bottom-right corner.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-logo-position='top-left'>
  <source src='video.mp4' />
  <source src='video.webm' />
</video>


h3(#logo-link-url). "@logo-link-url@":#logo-link-url

Defines the URL to open when a visitor clicks your custom logo.

*Allowed values:* Any valid URL.

*Example:*

bc(language-markup). <video class='sublime' data-logo-link-url='http://yourdomain.com'>
  <source src='video.mp4' />
  <source src='video.webm' />
</video>

h3(#demo). "Demo":#demo

<%= jsfiddle_embed('J9W5b', height: 436) %>

<%= jsfiddle_embed('vHFsy', height: 436) %>
