h2. <%= title('Real-Time Statistics') %>

h3. Table of Contents

* "Statistics Over Time":#statistics-over-time
* "Video Popularity":#video-popularity
* "Browser, Device & HTML5 / Flash Statistics":#browser-device-html5-flash-stats
* "Data Export":#data-export
* "A note for Google Analytics users":#google-analytics-note
* "Setup &lt;video&gt; elements for stats":#setup-for-stats

<div class="breakline"></div>
<p></p>

SublimeVideo's statistics platform offers a truly comprehensive, real-time overview of your site's video traffic from any device, whether generated from mobile or desktop, HTML5 or Flash.

<div class="video_wrap"><video class="sublime" width="640" height="360" poster="http://media.jilion.com/videos/sublimevideo-real-time-statistics.jpg" preload="none" data-uid="real-time-stats" data-name="Real-Time Statistics">
<source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/sublimevideo-real-time-statistics-720p.mp4" data-quality="hd" />
<source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/sublimevideo-real-time-statistics-360p.mp4" />
<source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/sublimevideo-real-time-statistics-720p.webm" data-quality="hd" />
<source src="http://media.jilion.com/videos/sublimevideo-real-time-statistics-360p.webm" />
</video></div>

<%= image_tag('real-time-stats/stats_preview.jpg', class: 'screenshot', style: 'float:left; margin:20px 20px 0 0', title: 'Stats preview') %>
To access the Real-Time Statistics dashboard, simply click the 'View Stats' button next to
your site(s) on the _<%= link_to "My Sites", my_url('sites') %>_ page.

h3(#statistics-over-time). "Statistics Over Time":#statistics-over-time

At the top of the Real-Time Statistics dashboard, you will find buttons to display the video statistics for the chosen site from the last 60 seconds (real-time), last 60 minutes, last 24 hours, last 30 days and last 365 days.

<%= link_to(image_tag('real-time-stats/time_period_selector.jpg', width: 640, class: 'screenshot', title: 'Time period selector'), asset_path('real-time-stats/time_period_selector.jpg'), class: 'sublime lightbox') %>

It's worth noting that these buttons display miniature graph previews that update in real-time. Obviously, can be more easily perceived in the 60 seconds miniature. Nonetheless, it can sometimes be useful to keep an eye on your stats for the last 60 minutes or even 24 hours (for example, if you have just released a new video and are primarily monitoring traffic in real-time).

Selecting a time range updates the entire page to display stats for the chosen time period. You can also use the drop-down selector to enter a custom time range. On the large graph, video plays (in green) VS page visits (in gray) are displayed, so you can get an idea for how popular your video is compared to the rest of a page's content. At this time, statistics for video plays from videos embedded elsewhere are not displayed.

<%= link_to(image_tag('real-time-stats/graph.jpg', width: 640, class: 'screenshot', title: 'Video plays VS page visits graph'), asset_path('real-time-stats/graph.jpg'), class: 'sublime lightbox') %>

h3(#video-popularity). "Video Popularity":#video-popularity

You can also see a list of all the videos you may have on a site, complete with loads VS plays and a graph preview for the currently selected time range. The list and graph previews are updated in real-time, making it easy to keep an eye on which videos are most popular - especially during periods of heavy traffic.

<%= link_to(image_tag('real-time-stats/most_played_videos.jpg', width: 640, class: 'screenshot', title: 'Most played videos'), asset_path('real-time-stats/most_played_videos.jpg'), class: 'sublime lightbox') %>

Please note your videos *must have a uid* in order to appear in this section. "Read more":#setup-for-stats.

h3(#browser-device-html5-flash-stats). "Browser, Device & HTML5 / Flash Statistics":#browser-device-html5-flash-stats

Browser + OS and HTML5 / Flash statistics are clearly displayed alongside device type usage (mobile or desktop), showing you what the most popular load-cases are for your videos within the currently selected time range. These statistics are also updated in real-time.

<%= link_to(image_tag('real-time-stats/browser_os_and_HTML5_flash.jpg', width: 640, class: 'screenshot', title: 'Browser, Device & HTML5 / Flash Statistics'), asset_path('real-time-stats/browser_os_and_HTML5_flash.jpg'), class: 'sublime lightbox') %>

h3(#data-export). "Data Export":#data-export

<%= image_tag('real-time-stats/data_export.jpg', class: 'screenshot', style: 'float:left; margin:20px 20px 20px 0', title: 'Data export') %>

You can export your stats data in CSV format for the selected period (days only). The CSV file includes loads and plays data for both normal and iframe embedded videos.

<div class="breakline" style="margin:30px 0 25px"></div>

Please share your comments and suggestions about how you think we can improve our statistics platform on this "SublimeVideo Community Forum thread":http://getsatisfaction.com/sublimevideo/topics/comments_suggestions_for_sublimevideos_real_time_statistics_platform.

h3(#google-analytics-note). "A note for Google Analytics users":#google-analytics-note

In case you are using Google Analytics to track the traffic of your site, you may use it to track your video statistics. Please refer to our "specific help page":/google-analytics-integration to get more information about how to configure it.

This is also valid for most web analytics solutions.

<a name='optimize-for-stats' href='#'></a>

h3(#setup-for-stats). "Setup &lt;video&gt; elements for stats":#setup-for-stats

Please note that the settings described below can be set via the "Video Publishing Assistant":/video-publishing-assistant.

h4(#data-uid). "The _data-uid_ attribute":#data-uid

In order to make a video showing up in your statistics dashboard, *you must give it a unique uid* with the @data-uid@ attribute. Here is an example:

bc(language-markup). <video class="sublime" data-uid="landscape1" poster="some-great-landscapes.jpg">
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.mp4" />
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.webm" />
</video>

%(red)*Important note:* It should be a *unique string* among all your videos. The string must be composed of alphanumeric, "-" (hyphen) and "_" (underscore) characters exclusively (case insensitive) and must be at least 1 character and less than 65 characters.
The actual regular expression used to validate the uid is: @/^[a-z0-9_\-]{1,64}$/i@.%

*Notes:*

* The @data-uid@ setting respects the "Player settings syntax":/settings/player-settings.

h4(#data-name). "The _data-name_ attribute":#data-name

To ensure a video is displayed with a nice title in your statistics dashboard, simply use the @data-name@ attribute. Here is an example:

bc(language-markup). <video class="sublime" data-name="My great landscapes" poster="some-great-landscapes.jpg">
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.mp4" />
  <source src="http://yoursite.com/some-great-landscapes.webm" />
</video>

*Notes:*

* You can update the @data-name@ as often as you’d like. Such changes will be reflected in the statistics page in near real-time.
* The @data-name@ setting respects the "Player settings syntax":/settings/player-settings.
