h2. <%= title('Support add-on') %>

h3. Table of Contents

* "Documentation, Community Forums & Twitter":#documentation-community-forums-twitter
* "Email Support":#email-support
* "VIP Email Support":#vip-email-support
* "Enterprise Email Support":#enterprise-email-support

h3(#documentation-community-forums-twitter). "Documentation, Community Forums & Twitter":#documentation-community-forums-twitter

Access to our documentation and "community forums":https://getsatisfaction.com/sublimevideo is free for all our users.
We are monitoring the community forum as well as "Twitter":https://twitter.com/jilion and we do our best effort to answer your questions.

*If you want a guaranteed response to your questions or issues, you can either "subscribe to any paid add-on":#email-support or to the "VIP Email Support":#vip-email-support or "Enterprise Email Support":#enterprise-email-support add-ons.*

h3(#email-support). "Email Support":#email-support

Dedicated email support is offered to all customers with at least a paid add-on.
Use the <%= link_to 'support form', my_url('help') %> to submit a ticket and we'll send you a *personal response within the next 5 business days* between 9pm and 6pm "CET":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Central_European_Time.

*Important:* Before contacting us for any issue or question, please make sure to read our "support policy":/support-policy.

h3(#vip-email-support). "VIP Email Support":#vip-email-support

If you need extra support and enhanced reactivity, we also offer a _<%= link_to 'VIP Email Support', my_url('addons/support?p=vip') %>_ add-on with a *guaranteed response within the next business day* between 9pm and 6pm CET.

<%= subscribe_addon_link 'VIP Email Support', 'support', 'vip' %>

h3(#enterprise-email-support). "Enterprise Email Support":#enterprise-email-support

Last but not least, for our enterprise customers we offer an _<%= link_to 'Enterprise Email Support', my_url('addons/support?p=enterprise') %>_ add-on with a *guaranteed 1-hour response time* from Monday to Friday between 9pm and 9pm CET, and a 3-hours response time during the weekends between 9pm and 9pm CET.

<%= subscribe_addon_link 'Enterprise Email Support', 'support', 'enterprise' %>
