h2. <%= title('Using the JavaScript API') %>

h3(#api-object). "Overview":#api-object

The SublimeVideo Player comes with an integrated JavaScript API. Once loaded, SublimeVideo Player instantiates a unique API object called @sublime@. All calls to the API must be done through this object.

For performance puroposes, SublimeVideo Player and the @sublime@ API object are automatically loaded upon page load if there is at least an element with the _sublime_ @class@ in the DOM. If you have no videos (or lightboxes) initially on the page (and you plan for instance to add them dynamically later with JavaScript) you can use the "(c)@sublime.load@":/javascript-api/application#load method to force the loading of the player and the sublimevideo API object.

bc(language-javascript). // Manually invoke load if there are no elements
// with the "sublime" class when the page is first loaded.
sublime.load()

Once SublimeVideo is loaded and the DOM elements with the _sublime_ @class@ are prepared, the application invokes the callbacks registered with "(c)@sublime.ready@":/javascript-api/application#ready. Inside these callbacks you can safely call all other API methods.

bc(language-javascript). sublime.ready(function(){
  // You can safely call the sublime API methods here.
});

*_Notes_*
The SublimeVideo JavaScript API might not be immediately available when the DOM is loaded, hence you should avoid making API calls in your own DOM loaded/ready method (e.g. @DOMContentLoaded@, jQuery's @.ready()@ or Prototype's @dom:loaded@)

h3(#retrieving-api-objects). "Retrieving API objects":#retrieving-api-objects

Every element that can be prepared by SublimeVideo (videos, lightboxes, etc) exposes its own set of APIs. You can retrieve these object by calling @sublime.<object_type>(elementOrId)@.

For instance, to get the @player@ for the video with the _my_video_id_ @id@:

bc(language-javascript). var player = sublime.player('my_video_id');

and to get the @lightbox@ for the link with the _my_lightbox_trigger_id_ @id@:

bc(language-javascript). var lightbox = sublime.lightbox('my_lightbox_trigger_id');

As a shortcut, you can also retrive API objects by dropping the @<object_type>@ as follow:

bc(language-javascript). var player   = sublime('my_video_id');
var lightbox = sublime('my_lightbox_trigger_id');


h3(#api-methods-and-listeners). "APIs":#api-methods-and-listeners

h4. "Application":/javascript-api/application

"(c)@load@":/javascript-api/application#load "(c)@ready@":/javascript-api/application#ready "(c)@prepare@":/javascript-api/application#prepare "(c)@unprepare@":/javascript-api/application#unprepare "(c)@player@":/javascript-api/application#player "(c)@lightbox@":/javascript-api/application#lightbox "(c)@version@":/javascript-api/application#version "(c)@env@":/javascript-api/application#env

h4. "Player":/javascript-api/player

*Methods*: "(c)@play@":/javascript-api/player#play "(c)@pause@":/javascript-api/player#pause "(c)@stop@":/javascript-api/player#stop "(c)@setSize@":/javascript-api/player#setSize "(c)@videoId@":/javascript-api/player#videoId "(c)@videoElement@":/javascript-api/player#videoElement "(c)@on@":/javascript-api/player#on "(c)@seekTo@":/javascript-api/player#seekTo "(c)@duration@":/javascript-api/player#duration  "(c)@playbackTime@":/javascript-api/player#playbackTime "(c)@videoWidth@":/javascript-api/player#videoWidth "(c)@videoHeight@":/javascript-api/player#videoHeight

*Events*: "(c)@start@":/javascript-api/player#event-start "(c)@play@":/javascript-api/player#event-play "(c)@pause@":/javascript-api/player#event-pause "(c)@end@":/javascript-api/player#event-end "(c)@stop@":/javascript-api/player#event-stop "(c)@seek@":/javascript-api/player#event-seek "(c)@metadata@":/javascript-api/player#event-metadata "(c)@timeUpdate@":/javascript-api/player#event-timeupdate

h4. "Lightbox":/javascript-api/lightbox

*Methods*: "(c)@open@":/javascript-api/lightbox#open "(c)@close@":/javascript-api/lightbox#close "(c)@on@":/javascript-api/lightbox#on

*Events*: "(c)@contentReady@":/javascript-api/lightbox#event-contentready "(c)@didOpen@":/javascript-api/lightbox#event-didopen "(c)@didClose@":/javascript-api/lightbox#event-didclose
