* <span class="label new">new</span> Rewritten from the ground up using our new "SublimeVideo Framework":http://sublimevideo.net/framework.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Runs with no feature or design degradation even on "tablets and the latest smartphones":http://docs.sublimevideo.dev/supported-platforms#mobile.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Vector-based rendering of every control and UI element.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Seamless "YouTube integration":http://sublimevideo.net/youtube.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Display "your logo on video":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player#on_video_logo.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Two new player designs":http://sublimevideo.net/modular-player#player_designs _Light_ and _Flat_.  Our _Classic_ design has also been revamped.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Keyboard control":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/keyboard.
* <span class="label new">new</span> Advanced "responsive layout support":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/responsive-layout.
* <span class="label new">new</span> "Several new options and settings":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/settings/player-settings to customize your player's look and behavior, including:
** Option to enable/disable fullscreen.
** Option to enable/disable volume control.
** Option to force fullwindow instead of fullscreen.
** Option to hide controls bar completely or make it always visible.
** Option to customize the behavior at the end of the video (nothing, replay, stop).
** Option to customize the initial video overlay visibility.
* <span class="label new">new</span> In-player alert messages system.
* <span class="label improved">improved</span> Broader "mobile devices support":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/supported-platforms#mobile, especially a much improved support for the Android, Kindle Fire and Windows Phone platforms.
* <span class="label improved">improved</span> The "lightbox":http://docs.sublimevideo.net/settings/lightbox-settings has been greatly improved:
** Separation of the player element (@<video>@) and its opening trigger(s) (@<a>@) to make the lightbox usage more flexible and user-friendly, allowing for instance two different triggers in the page to open the same player.
** Lightbox stays always centered when the browser window is resized and its size is automatically adjusted if the window becomes smaller than the lightbox itself.
** Possibility to customize the behavior of the video when the lightbox is opened.
** Possibility to customize the overlay opacity.
** Possibility to customize the visibility and position of the close button.
** The lightbox can now display images as well!
